[15.0][ADD] sale_financial_risk_confirm_action: New module (#416)
OCA/credit-control: sale_financial_risk_confirm_action/README.rst

   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fcredit--control-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/credit-control/tree/15.0/sale_financial_risk_confirm_action
    :alt: OCA/credit-control
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/credit-control-15-0/credit-control-15-0-sale_financial_risk_confirm_action
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/credit-control&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

> This module allow confirm sale order in risk exception but changing several sale order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows confirming sale order in risk exception but changing several sale order
```
